List plugin improvement (#3011)
keystonejs/keystone: docs/api/create-list.md

### `plugins`

> An array of functions that modify config values. Plugin functions receive a config object and can modify or extend this. They should return a valid list config. starting Keystone version 10.0.0, plugins receives second parameter with `{ listKey, keystone}`. Where listKey is the name of list and keystone instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array of functions that modify config values. Plugin functions receive `(config, { listKey, keystone })`, where `config` is the a list config object, `listKey` is the name of the list, and `keystone` is the keystone object. They should return a valid list config. Plugin functions are executed in the order provided in the list, with the output config of one being passed as input to the next. The output of the final plugin is used to construct the `List` instance.
```

> > This keystone instance is not fully functional when plugins are initialised. Features like `executeQuery` is ready only after `keystone.connect` is run. You can use keystone instance from within hooks and access control methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think we can probably leave this block out, I don't think it introduces more confusion than it solves.
